Refine test specific dependencies (#52477)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/tutorials/creating-packages.md

### Test-specific dependencies

There are two ways of adding test-specific dependencies (dependencies that are not dependencies of the package but
will still be available to load when the package is tested). If no `test/Project.toml` exists Pkg will default to

> use the `target` based test specific dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `target` based test specific dependencies.
```

#### `target` based test specific dependencies

> !!! compat

Reviewer: I would expect this `compat` notice *after* the explanation of what the `target` method does

Author: As this is directly related to the decision what functionality to choose, i could see that compat block being useful before further explanations.

>     This older method of adding test-specific dependencies will be supported for all Julia 1.X releases.

Reviewer 2: This note implies that `test/Project.toml` is the new replacement, which it may have intended to be when introduced, but that has weakened. See https://github.com/JuliaLang/Pkg.jl/pull/3574

Author: Mhh i didn't mean to imply that. I just took the language as is. Would striking the older be sufficient?
How do you feel about:
>  This method of adding test-specific dependencies works and will continue to work on all Julia 1.X releases.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, my bad. I guess the updated language is still not great in my Pkg PR given I thought it was the old language here 😂

>     This older method of adding test-specific dependencies will be supported for all Julia 1.X releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This method of adding test-specific dependencies is supported for all Julia 1.x releases since v1.0.
```

test = ["Markdown", "Test"]
```

During testing the file `test/runtests.jl` will be executed with all dependencies from the `Project.toml` and the test dependencies
loaded. This special dependency handling is done during a `Pkg.test` call and doesn't happen if `runtest.jl` is executed directly.

Note that the only supported targets are `test` and `build`, the latter of which (not recommended) can be used
for any `deps/build.jl` scripts. This `target` based approach can't be used for other uses such as building
documentation.

#### Alternative approach: `test/Project.toml` file test specific dependencies

> In Julia 1.2 and later test dependencies can be declared in `test/Project.toml`. This is similar

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! compat
    This method of adding test-specific dependencies is supported for all Julia 1.x releases since v1.2.
    
Test dependencies can alternatively be declared in `test/Project.toml`. This is similar
```

             @test 1 == 1
             """);

> (test) pkg> activate

Reviewer 4: The removed does not appear to be "white spaces".
